[BLANK_AUDIO] >> All right. >> Okay. >> Should be ready to go. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I'll stand here so it's natural for you, but yeah. How did you find a session? >> Yeah, yeah, actually I found it really good, but just touch on a few things with it now, about particularly the gypsies you can go to with. >> Yeah. >> Clown in particular. You know, obviously it's been scrapped in the surface with AI, it's integrated a lot of things about use. So I know it's helping me already without me realizing it, but it's good to know how to use it on a deep level and the capabilities of it, particularly in relation to what I do. I guess one example, it's pretty simple one, but it's just a headless sort of great. Thank you for each of the separate tours that we have on. So I'll be wanting to have a good work out there. Thank you for each tour of H that relates to our particular tour. And yeah, just learning how to trade that pretty quickly through using a few of the prompts. You go to some awesome, just a whole lot of work that I'm not going to have to really. What else I feel? - Yeah, I'm I thought I'd probably wait. Yeah, it's a little bit of a couple hours maybe now. Look, you're aside to say the day's work. Sorry, yeah. Yeah, yeah. At least for sure. Would you like the most about the workshop and how we deliver it? Is there anything you'd like about it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's pretty structured. You pre-lock into questions. You answer them pretty thoroughly and say you call it passion. about what you do, so that always helps you. It always helps when someone's passionate about their history and their project and so that you see that you are and that the idea towards your interest in wanting to learn more about your sort of little part of the world. And it's good to learn a few people like that. Yeah, yeah, that's it. I guess it. I don't know anything else I wanted to add. Anything else you think it means? I just say thanks Mike, thanks for the like. It's been good. Great to get tonight better, to learn a bit, and get to interact. And network with Theo Filet, to do some new stuff. I'm fine. Yeah, great. Great. A couple of hours, yeah. Awesome, thanks Mike. It's been a 