I hope so. I hope so. Yeah, and what did you like the most about? Like, what do you see yourself looking away from this? What did you like the most about the work? I think we're just understanding that starting with a frame of mind to build the I.O.I.O.I.O.I.O.I.O.I.O.I.O.I.O and then going in the distance and thinking about it, I do like emails or brainstorming and things like that. And then I understand to create the path and first of what I really like the business to be, how to how to be understood and inspired to check the AI and then working out from there rather than just doing little bits of projects and not really having clarity about messaging, I see. - Mm-hmm. - And is there anything from this that you feel like you can, you've already saved some time now? Like is there anything you've already, like, you've already built on? - Yeah. - Okay, save a bit of time. See yourself save a bit of time. - I think it's more drafting an idea, put even something down and then having something to reference off to, maybe some thoughts that I've had and expanded into. - Yeah. - And then be able to pull those copy posts and then use that Yeah, they're based especially. They're the right email to either a proposal, build a new product. Yeah, it's pretty exciting. Yeah, sweet. Yeah, we spent two or three hours now. Do you feel like you got a better understanding of what you're doing with your business? I think maybe there's a little bit of fear around when even start or how much I can share with AI. And then now understanding that these parameters things that you can do to have some safety against what I'm going to share and how much of this is going to be available elsewhere and even if putting in to place a plan for team members and for our business to follow so that things remain in a certain way. Speaking of certain way, I was so happy. Yeah, I think I was a bit afraid of what. I didn't have a lot of understanding about seems very clear. I hope that this is an amazing tool, and we can choose the right way. Awesome. 