I'm just recording but we can just talk a little bit. But yeah, how did you just think that went? Yeah, I think it was really interesting for our members to just delve into different ways I can use it as tourism operators. I think just the practical tips were super handy, just that they could sit there and actually create things that are relevant to their business. I think that people took a lot away from it. - Yeah, you should have seen people having a few a half-moments, I feel like they could immediately save some time straight away, or is there anything that you sort of noticed? - I don't know at all. - I think because a lot of people here are small business operators. I've got a lot of them probably wearing many hats. And I think going through Cored and all the things that you can create the platforms you can connect with. I think there was definitely those moments of being able to save time and resources so that they can work on their business more rather than in their business. So I think there's so many great questions and definitely people coming to the realization that they can use these platforms to help them in their businesses. Yeah, it's an exciting space. Did you see anything you felt like you could use within your organization as well being able to attend a session while offering it to your members and see a few things you could start using? Yeah, I think for tourism noosa I think we can definitely use it for content from a marketing perspective, definitely linking to Canva and things like that. A very helpful from the marketing point of view. Yeah, I think just document generation and organisation and then getting that brand and tone through the court. I think that's the best. Yeah, nice work. Cheers. Yeah, really good. Yeah. Do you want to do that? No, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. No, it's fine, because she kind of finished it in the end anyway. But do you want to do a quick-- just a chat while we're talking or is everything you wanted to say, like, quickly? What was this PR or something? Yeah, just testimonials. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I'm not going to do that. I mean, you can just talk naturally and just have a microphone on. Like, we don't have to do anything like overly. You can clip it on. Oh, if you want to see. - I might get off. - Okay, you back in the office or you had me get, I'll pop over there shortly too. - Thank you. - Thank you. - Yeah. - I'm gonna do it. - Yeah. - So if you want to send anything they want me to include, the for the announcement, I might try to get something to my own tomorrow. - Yeah, that's fresh. - Yeah. - Whether it's a link to adding in, just in case, I think most people got it. presentation of the workbook. Yeah, any other short top points on survey and then we'll get that just so people can attend it. Yeah. Although that's something that we're starting to solve for the morning I think it's fantastic. I really like that you went into a bit of detail around Claude, because no one really talks too much about that. It seems like the McDonald's is the chat GDP. Yeah. And I was quite interested in the Department of Defense scenario and the topic last week. They cancelled their contract and your explanation around that. And the fact that there's been a wave of people who have canceled their chat GTP subscriptions is making me happy because at least there's a company called and they're anthropic where there's some ethics you know they prepare to stand by their ethics because that would have been a multi million two hundred million dollars and they have to walk away and very happy to hear that and you don't see that very often. No never. So absolutely that would be without any hesitation YGTP, straight to Cored. It also sounds like the product is pretty good anyway. It's also an incredible product. Yeah, from a business standpoint, you feel like it helps understand this to align the ethics of the platform with the ethics of your business. Well, there we need it because AI, all the total recall and minority importance in 2001 of space policy, and it's usually AI that kills you in your sleep. So it's nice to think that there's some ethics with some of those companies. So that was pleasing. Yeah. Yeah, and I think building an itinerary is interesting. I mean, there's a lot of things in it. Well, my pay grade at the moment in terms of understanding. But you go, I mean, I never knew how to use a computer 20 years ago, and I know how to use a computer now. So I guess you just got to accept and move with it, haven't you? Yeah. - Yeah, it's a good time to learn the computer now more. Do you feel like just even having something like this like it's gonna help you navigate some of this and use the apps as a-- - Yeah, because there's so much out there and it'll probably find its own way over the next few years like some of the sort of marginal stuff will disappear and you'll have that sort of straight line where AI is headed, we're not quite there, you don't have to think, are we? There's sort of a lot of fuzziness around it. - Yeah. - In some areas. - Yeah, it's, it feels like there are some leaders emerging from that space, but we thought maybe one would dominate everything. But this one's dominating one really nice part of it, like language and reasoning, but there's still you know, there's specific tools you can plug in and get the full picture from it. - And yeah, the ones that have sort of, the Mavericks or the Outliers like rock and those, I think you get to come back to the ethics, you know, is Eli Musk going to have the same level of ethical approach to that version of AI to what anthropic demonstrated with God. Yeah, it's it feels like Open Air and GROC XAA They want to automate everything and every single task in the world that they can find automated grows anthropic as we need to augment humans in those roles, performing those tasks, and what it made for things around them to keep them in the way. Well I think that's right because the other thing too, if you actually end up with 20% of the workforce no longer employable because there's no need for them, who's going to buy their products? There's a whole course of the fact here, people also need a purpose in life. If you just have, you know, a court of the population no longer with any purpose, what the hell is they going to do to society? So there's a lot of unanswered questions there, aren't they? It does feel a bit like I couldn't tell you what it's going to look like whether we have some more about tax or something going down, whatever, but I feel like it would be nice to see people then pursuing their passions more and finding their own. Well, I hope that's it. But yeah, the tourism industry, which is obviously the nature of this particular program, It's a high analog industry. You know, like the humanity and the touch points in many ways can't be overwhelmed through a digital experience. The digital experience is helping you do the marketing and maybe some of that admin that bogs you down, but the product is high touch. Yeah, it will always be that because that's what people go on holidays. That's where they want to go to new places. they want to experience it as a human. And have humans connect with them when they're there. So they're probably not going to be all that excited about going to a robot station to do a check-in that they like an actual person to do that. Welcome and so on. It came on the whole thing to get away from all that. Yeah. Away from the cities. Yeah. So it'll probably elevate opportunities in that space, I think. Yeah. We are going back to analog. We're going back to moving the real, the matter of the world, the big atoms. and the analog aspects. Yeah, it's, you know, it's, people still want to talk to people in most businesses or still people in the background. So, well, that's right. Even the chat box, you know, if you have a chat box which can sort of like, I am a chat box, but I'll put you through to a human. That's quite fun. I think that's okay. When you're a chat box pretending to be a human, that's not okay. So, you know, I think that was interesting here as well, it's a conversation. - Yeah, being very upfront about that and giving a bit of personality, maybe to the chatbot in a sense, but making sure people aware of that. Yeah, if you go to a big brand like Woolworth, it'll always be, we're just a chatbot and you won't even know half the time. And then I'll never put you through it. - And everyone's getting angry. - Yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Sorry. And they wonder what people get angry, you know? Like just make it easy. And bring that bit of humanity back into the equation. - Yeah, exactly. Anyway, I thought it was good. Yeah, that's a lot there. You have to. 